# Part 1: Welcome Home to a Twisted Ankle

“Jack, will you do me the weirdest of favors,” Sarah asked.

“For you? Anything,” He replied.

“I can’t lift my leg into the tub,” She replied, “I wish a female was here, but this is the hand we’re dealt with.”

“I understand. Like I just said: ‘for you? Anything.’ And I meant it. If I need to bathe you then I will bathe you. I guess all I ask is that while I’m in there, I get my turn also,” Jack said.

“That sounds fair,” Sarah replied, “I think we should keep this to ourselves though.”

“Yeah,” Jack answered.

“Come into my room please and help me get undressed,” She replied.

“OK,” Jack said, and followed her as she wobbled on crutches to her bedroom. Once they arrived in her room, he said, “I suppose I should shut my eyes.”

“Honestly, I don’t care if you see stuff. If you’re going to help me in the tub, you’re going to have to look anyway,” she said.

“Yeah, that makes sense,” Jack replied, “Now, what do you need help with?”

“Honestly, I simply can’t get my foot into the tub,” She started to explain. She began to blush at the thought of taking a bath, and what it entailed, with company in the bathroom with her.

Jack soon realized what he was about to see and decided to stay professional about it. He loved his sister – but not like that – and he did not want to scare her as she started pulling her shirt off. It was time for her to get a badly needed bath, and he understood that he needed to be careful with her twisted ankle.


