---
title: Band Camp
date: 1999-08-09
time: ""
timezone: ET
pov: Michael
start_time: 08:00
---
We arrived and Mr. Panoff, the band director, was there to greet us. "Good morning Jessica," He said.

"Good morning. Meet my brother Michael," She said. I nervously offered a handshake.

"Good morning," I said nervously.

Jessica had me sit off to the side while completing Pit Captain administrative duties. Directing his attention to Jessica, Mr. Panoff said, "Here is the list of Pit students." They then discussed this and that, and I tuned the rest of it out.

Soon, Jessica came over to join me. She sat at my side, put her arm around me, and asked, "You ready to begin the best four years of your life?" Suddenly, there was a massive fart. Jessica looked up with a groan. "Travis is here," She groaned, "Bathroom," Jessica sniggered, to which Travis chuckled. She plugged her nose then whispered to me, "Ask me later."

The clock ticked eight, and it was time to begin. Jessica, and three others got up and stood alongside of Mr. Panoff who began introductions, introducing the lead instructor, his two assistants, my sister Jessica as the Pit Captain, and Brandon as the Drumline Captain. He went over how we were to obey them as we obeyed him, and other welcome to band camp business.

Jessica came back over to us and, along with one of the assistant instructors, started with warm ups. "Eights," Kenny said.

I was not prepared for how loud the room would get when all the instruments were being warmed up, but Jessica and Kenny pressed us on, and I tried my best to keep up. I quickly got bored, but I did not want to let my sister down on her Senior year and final season of Marching Band.


