# Part 7: A Trip Made Easier

Morning rolled around, and Sarah was excited to try out the motorized wheelchair. She was looking forward to trying the zoo again and spending the afternoon at the museum her brother wanted to see. “I really appreciated how you helped me get back to the hotel last night,” She said, “What did you want to do today?”

“We were going to finish with the zoo and go to the Air & Space Museum,” Jermaine said. He then turned to his son and said, “I really appreciate how you took care of your sister last night, young man. When we get home, she’s going to be your responsibility when I’m at work.”

“I understand dad, and I’ll do my best,” Jack replied. They started making their way to the train station, and soon they were on the platform with tickets in hand and a 5-minute wait for the train to Washington, D.C.

After an uneventful train ride into DC, Jermaine bought their passes to ride the metro to the zoo. He grumbled wishing that there was a stop closer to the zoo, but at least his daughter would have an easier time. They took a second elevator down from the mezzanine to the platform and it wasn’t too long of a wait for the train to the zoo. As it was the last time, the train was crowded and Sarah struggled to find a spot now that she had to negotiate with a bulky wheelchair. “Just face forward and put the brakes on. It’s the best you’ll be able to do,” Her father said as he and his son found a seat where they could at least keep an eye on her.

They soon arrived at the zoo and Sarah was grateful that she didn’t need to wobble on crutches for the day. They skipped the attractions they saw the other day and made their way through the rest of the zoo without any issues. Every step of the way, Jack was there to take care of his sister’s needs as they made their way through the zoo, down the road, and back to the rails. It was time for lunch as well as his part of the trip. “I believe there’s a café in the museum, and we’ll eat there just to make it easier,” Jermaine said, “Unless either of you see something that catches your eye when the train drops us off.”

They got on the train and Jack was happy to sit down, and grateful that he got to sit near his sister. It was weird: when the trip started, she was this dork that he tolerated, but now – especially with her injury – he started really enjoying her company. She started enjoying her brother’s company just as much and no longer felt weird about sharing the hotel bed.


